Revise spell cards paragraph (#1183)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/deckbuilding.tex

\begin{multicols}{2}
\pagetarget{spells}{\subheader{Spell Cards}}

The effects of a Spell card\index{Spell cards} depend on the amount of \svg{empower} you play.
Using the topmost, basic version usually has no additional cost, but by paying the indicated cost \encircleinline{3} you can use a stronger effect \encircleinline{4}.
You pay by playing other cards for their \textbf{Empower}\index{Empowering Spells} \svg{empower} effect (e.g. the \wikilink{statistics/power}{Power} Statistic card) together with the Spell.
All the \svg{empower} played this way is consumed, though you may use a cheaper effect than the \svg{empower} you paid for.
Each Spell card also has an alternative +1 \svg{empower} effect \encircleinline{5}.\par

See examples of Empowering on \hyperlink{example flagging mine}{page \pageref{example flagging mine}}.

\begin{expansion}{conflux}

>   \textbf{Note:} \pagelink{Elemental Map Tiles}{Elemental Map Tiles} also increase Spells' \svg{empower}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \textbf{Note:} \pagelink{Elemental Map Tiles}{Elemental Map Tiles} might also increase Spells' \svg{empower}.
```

What about adding "might", cause there are some requirements like main hero on that tile, fitting school. The Map Tiles don't necessarily provide spell power.

  \end{itemize}
\end{multicols*}

\vspace*{-0.5em}
\note{6.5}{

>   Playing the cards together means that you can resolve the effects in any order, and even change midway which Spell you're casting, if e.g. you drew a better Spell using \wikilink{abilities/sorcery}{Sorcery.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Playing the cards together means that you can resolve the effects in any order, and even play empower effects earlier, e.g. to hope drawing a better spell using \wikilink{abilities/sorcery}{Sorcery.}
```
I would highly recommmend to change the wording here in something like this. Please fix my grammar. :) But Alex answer is 2 years old and even mardrax said, that it was written down somewhat indistinctly. If it is permitted to switch spells that have already been announced to cast, that raises a whole lot of new questions. 

Sure, in practice your playgroup can allow it, when you ask them something like: "Sry people, i've said i want to play magic arrow, but i just draw lighting bold: Do you agree, i change the spell, maybe i use magic arrow to empower?" But that shouldnt be a rule in a rulebook.
